_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "Ray Shealy"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hi. I’m **Ray Shealy**, a Computer Science student at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, expected to graduate in December of 2025 (4.0 GPA as of August 2025).  

Over the past few years, I’ve worked on a mix of technical projects that range from backend automation to frontend tools. Most recently, during a software engineering internship at USAA, I built a Chrome extension that connected GitLab data directly into ServiceNow workflows—something that cut down on repetitive lookup tasks and saved teams time. Before that, I worked at Akoustis, Inc., where I supported logistics and later developed software solutions to streamline operations.  

In the spring of 2025 at UNC, I had the opportunity to conduct mentored research alongside Dr. Henry Fuchs (Federico Gil Distinguished Professor), where we explored power-saving solutions for next-generation AR/VR glasses. The project focused on finding ways to reduce energy demands without sacrificing performance, a challenge that becomes more important as wearable devices push toward lighter designs and longer battery life. While my results weren't formally published, the report is available on my [publications](/_publications/) page to download and review. That experience opened my eyes to the world of academic research and gave me a deeper appreciation for why strong fundamentals matter — not just in theory, but in practice. I’m also especially grateful for the guidance of my mentor, Akshay Paruchuri, whose support has shaped much of my growth during my time at UNC.

I’m especially interested in the overlap between **AI, automation, and AR/VR**. To me, those areas represent more than buzzwords—they’re the kind of tools that can solve stubborn problems, whether that’s detecting fraud faster or making human-computer interaction feel more natural.  

Outside of coursework and internships, I enjoy experimenting with new technologies and seeing where they break down. I like to treat projects as a way of testing boundaries—what happens when you push a system a little further than it was designed to go? That curiosity keeps me learning, and it’s also what keeps me motivates me to take on new challenges.  

---

✨ For a detailed overview of my experience, check out my [CV](/cv/).

Commit message:

Edit about me and delete random junk

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hi. I’m **Ray Shealy**, a Computer Science student at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, expected to graduate in December of 2025 (4.0 GPA as of August 2025).  

Over the past few years, I’ve worked on a mix of technical projects that range from backend automation to frontend tools. Most recently, during a software engineering internship at USAA, I built a Chrome extension that connected GitLab data directly into ServiceNow workflows. Before that, I worked at Akoustis, Inc., where I supported logistics and later developed software solutions to streamline operations.  

In the spring of 2025 at UNC, I had the opportunity to conduct mentored research alongside Dr. Henry Fuchs (Federico Gil Distinguished Professor), where we explored power-saving solutions for next-generation AR/VR glasses. While my results weren't formally published, the report is available on my [publications](/_publications/) page.  

I’m interested in the overlap between AI, Graphics, ComputerVision, and AR/VR, that of which I've explored throughout my undergraduate studies. I’m also especially grateful for the guidance of my mentor, Akshay Paruchuri, whose support has shaped much of my growth during my time at UNC.

---

✨ For a detailed overview of my experience, check out my [CV](/cv/).
